Update link for development doc in README.md (#17)
OpenImaging/miqa-web: README.md

# MIQA
MIQA is a medical scan QA/QC application. It takes .nifti files and a CSV file as input, and outputs the same CSV file with additional QA/QC results.

> The server is built on [Girder](https://github.com/girder/girder), a python based data management solution, and the client application is built with [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/), Vuetify, and Vue CLI. The medical scan visualization is powered by [VTK.js](https://kitware.github.io/vtk-js/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server is built on [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/), a Python web framework, and the client application is built with [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/), Vuetify, and Vue CLI. The medical scan visualization is powered by [VTK.js](https://kitware.github.io/vtk-js/index.html)
```
Girder is no longer involved.
